= Rob Gordon

A music organizer for the self-confessed obsessive.

== Usage

The command to import a folder is called *rob*.

	rob <folder> <path to music library>

*rob* looks through the folder for mp3 files, scans the tags, then creates
a folder structure in your music library that looks like this:

	<Artist Name>/<Album name>/<Track #>. <Track Name>.mp3

So, if you were importing the tracks in the test directory (thx Camden), you would get:

	Camden/Vale EP/01. Penelope.mp3

Currently, that's the only folder structure and track naming convention.  I don't plan on changing it, because if you don't organize your music like that, _you're wrong_. 

== Credits

* Camden for the Vale EP included in the test directory.  Download it at http://camden.bandcamp.com
* Robin Stocker fro id3lib-ruby -- http://id3lib-ruby.rubyforge.org/
* Josh Nichols for Jeweler -- https://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler

No, seriously, turbo props to Camden for letting me distribute their EP as a part of this source.
Check them out at http://camdensoundz.com

== Contributing to rob-gordon
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 andyleclair. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

